docs: add What's New section for 2.15.x release notes (#18226)
pantsbuild/pants: src/python/pants/notes/2.15.x.md

# 2.15.x Release Series

## What's New

Pants 2.15 brings support for several new features:

### Environments

Pants now supports alternate execution "environments" for build actions. These "environments" can be explicitly
configured as desired via several new target types (including having multiple environments of the same type).
The new `environment` field on many targets tells Pants which environment to use for a particular target. 

Pants previously supported local execution (which is now configured by the `local_environment` target type) and
remote execution via the Remote Execution API (which is now configured by the `remote_environment` target type).

New in Pants 2.15 is support for executing build actions within a Docker container configured via the
`docker_environment` target type.

See the [Environments documentation](https://www.pantsbuild.org/v2.15/docs/environments) for more information.

### Test Batching

> `./pants test` now supports batching compatible tests together so that they execute in the same build action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`./pants test` now supports batching compatible tests together so that they execute in the same process.
```

> This will help to improve the performance of test execution by avoiding the overhead of setting up the

Reviewer: It's a bit more nuanced than this. It *can* help improve performance, but you're trading off cache hits and possibly concurrency, depending on batch size.

Also, the overhead this helps with is not so much setting up the sandbox, but the test environment more generally, such as setting up initial database state.

How about 

This can improve performance of test execution by sharing test environment setup across multiple test files, but must be balanced against the impact on caching and concurrency.

Author: Sounds good, you have the context here so my language will never capture the nuance. I will use your text here.

#### Go 

The Go backend received several minor changes including:

- Support for the `golangci-lint` linter.
- Support for multiple `go_mod` targets in same repository.
- A new `go-generate` custom goal to run `go generate` on any `//go:generate` instructions in a package.
- `$GOROOT/bin` is now prepended to `PATH` when running tests to enable them to easily find the `go` binary for
the Go toolchain in use.

Note: Due to certain changes in Go v1.20, Pants 2.15.x and earlier Pants versions will not work with Go v1.20
and later releases. Instead, use Pants v2.16.x or later Pants versions to support Go v1.20 and later releases.

### Plugin API changes

Several changes and additions were made to the Plugin API:

#### Formatters

The schema used for formatters and linters has been changed in a backwards incompatible way in order to allow for
formatters that do not require a target to operate.

#### Synthetic Targets

Plugins may now add "synthetic targets" to the build graph to create freestanding targets programmatically. 
These synthetic targets can also be generator targets in order to further create generated targets.

#### Batched Tests

> The `test` goal API has been updated to support explicit batching of tests.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this should be higher up the list, maybe right after environments, as it is probably the most impactful on the user. Also we probably want to explain why this is cool, namely that it can improve performance in cases where test setup is too expensive to run separately on each test file.

Author: It should be in both places. The Plugin API changes should be here, while the user-facing aspects of test batching can be earlier. I don't have context on the user-facing aspects. Which backend(s) actually make use of test batching? Just the Python backend?

Author: I've added a separate section for the user-facing part of test batching. Plus added detail to other sections including links into the 2.15 documentation.
